Troubleshooting
When Using the SY-1000 on Its Own
Problem

No sound/Low volume

Items to check

Action

Is the [OUTPUT LEVEL] knob turned down completely?

Adjust the knob to an appropriate setting.

Could the volume of the GK pickup be turned down?

Raise the volume of the GK pickup to an appropriate
level.

Could the select switch of the GK pickup be set to
“GUITAR”?

Set the switch of the GK pickup to “MIX.”

Could the PATCH LEVEL be turned down?

Raise the PATCH LEVEL.

Are the SY-1000 and other devices connected properly?

Check the connections with the other devices.

Is the power to the connected amp or mixer not turned
on, or is the volume turned down?

Check the settings for the connected device.

Is there a short in any connecting cable?

Try replacing the connecting cable.

If there are no sounds through USB, are the [SYSTEM] - USB
Adjust the settings to the appropriate values.
AUDIO settings correct?
Was the GK pickup sensitivity setting adjusted correctly for
Perform the adjustment.
Volume is uneven among the each string?
strings
Refer to the manual of your GK pickup, and attach
Is the GK pickup attached correctly?
the GK pickup correctly.
When using the SY-1000’s
expression pedal, the result
is different for each patch
Oscillation occurs

The effect produced using the expression pedal is different
Check the effect of each patch beforehand.
for each sound (patch).
Are any gain values or volume-related parameter values in
Decrease the value.
the effect settings set too high?
Are any feedback values in the effect settings such as
DELAY set too high?

Decrease the value.

Patches not switching

Is some screen other than the Play screen shown in the
display?

With the SY-1000, you cannot switch patches in any
screen other than the Play screen. Press the [EXIT]
button one or more times to return to the Play
screen.

Knobs don’t work

Could the system parameter KNOB LOCK be “ON”?

Turn the system parameter KNOB LOCK “OFF.”

Can’t enter Tuner mode

Could the system parameter BANKDOWN&UP SW (TUNER) Turn the system parameter BANKDOWN&UP SW
be “OFF”?
(TUNER) “ON.”

96

