Getting Ready
Connecting the Equipment
* To prevent malfunction and equipment failure, always turn down the volume, and turn off all the units before making any connections.

GK IN connector

GUITAR INPUT jack

DC IN jack

Connect a guitar or bass equipped with the Roland Divided
Pickup (Roland GK-3/GK-3B) or a GK-compatible guitar such as
the Roland V-Guitar GC-1 to this connector.

Use this control if you’re directly
inputting a conventional guitar.

Connect the included AC
adaptor here.

* The guitar connected to the
GUITAR INPUT jack can only
use a NORMAL PATCH.

* Place the AC adaptor so the
side with the indicator faces
upwards. The indicator will
light when you plug the AC
adaptor into an AC outlet.

In addition to the signal from the divided pickup, the
conventional guitar signal (normal pickup) is also input to the
GK IN connector.
* Never connect anything other than the dedicated GK cable.

Roland GK-3 users

* Use the “PATCH TYPE”
parameter (p. 66) to switch
to a NORMAL PATCH.

Roland V-Guitar GC-1 users

You must set this to the center (MIX) position!
Indicator

SEND/RETURN jacks
Connect an external effect
processor here.

(USB) port
Use a commercially available USB 2.0 cable to
connect this port to your computer. It can be
used to transfer USB MIDI and USB audio data.
You must install the USB driver when
connecting the unit to your computer.
Download the USB driver from the BOSS
website. For details, refer to Readme.htm which
is included in the download.
https://www.boss.info/global/support/
For details on the settings, refer to
“Connecting to a Computer” (p. 95).

4

Turning the Power On/Off ([POWER] switch)
This turns the power on/off.
* Before turning the unit on/off, always be sure to turn the volume down. Even with
the volume turned down, you might hear some sound when switching the unit on/
off. However, this is normal and does not indicate a malfunction.

Auto Off Function
The power to this unit will be turned off automatically after a predetermined
amount of time has passed since it was last used for playing music, or its buttons
or controls were operated (Auto Off function). If you do not want the power to be
turned off automatically, disengage the Auto Off function.
* Any settings that you make in the process of editing will be lost when the power
is turned off. If you have any settings that you want to keep, you should save them
beforehand.
* To restore power, turn the power on again.
For details on the settings, refer to “AUTO OFF” (p. 88).

